benchmark, TOC: add 4.0 TPC-H, TPC-C and Sysbench test reports (#2661)
pingcap/docs: benchmark/v4.0-performance-benchmarking-with-tpch.md

set global tidb_hashagg_final_concurrency = 16;
set global tidb_hash_join_concurrency = 16;
set global tidb_index_lookup_concurrency = 16;
set global tidb_index_lookup_join_concurrency = 16;
```

#### v4.0

For v4.0, TiDB uses the default parameter configuration.

##### TiKV configuration

{{< copyable "" >}}

```yaml
readpool.storage.use-unified-pool: false
readpool.coprocessor.use-unified-pool: true
```

##### PD configuration

{{< copyable "" >}}

```yaml
replication.enable-placement-rules: true
```

##### TiFlash configuration

{{< copyable "" >}}

```yaml
logger.level: "info"
learner_config.log-level: "info"
```

##### Global variable configuration

{{< copyable "sql" >}}

```sql
set global tidb_allow_batch_cop = 1;
set global tidb_opt_distinct_agg_push_down = 1;
set global tidb_distsql_scan_concurrency = 30;
set global tidb_projection_concurrency = 16;
set global tidb_hashagg_partial_concurrency = 16;
set global tidb_hashagg_final_concurrency = 16;
set global tidb_hash_join_concurrency = 16;
set global tidb_index_lookup_concurrency = 16;
set global tidb_index_lookup_join_concurrency = 16;
```

### Test plan

#### Hardware prerequisite

> To avoid TiKV and TiFlash racing for disk and I/O resources, mount the two NVMe SSD disks configured on EC2 as `/data1` and `/data2`. Deploy TiKV on `/data1` and deploy TiFlash on `/data2`.

Reviewer: Maybe "mount ... at "?

http://linuxcommand.org/lc3_man_pages/mount8.html
>This  tells  the kernel to attach the filesystem found on device (which is of type type) **at the directory dir**.

#### Test process

1. Deploy TiDB v4.0 and v3.0 using TiUP.

> 2. Import the TPC-H 10 data using the bench tool of TiUP.

Reviewer: "2. Using the bench tool of TiUP to import the TPC-H data with scale factor 10."
Maybe this is better?

    * Execute the following command to import data into v3.0:

        {{< copyable "bash" >}}

        ```bash
        tiup bench tpch prepare \
        --host ${tidb_v3_host} --port ${tidb_v3_port} --db tpch_10 \
        --sf 10 \
        --analyze --tidb_build_stats_concurrency 8 --tidb_distsql_scan_concurrency 30
        ```

    * Execute the following command to import data into v4.0:

        {{< copyable "bash" >}}

        ```bash
        tiup bench tpch prepare \
          --host ${tidb_v4_host} --port ${tidb_v4_port} --db tpch_10 --password ${password} \
          --sf 10 \
          --tiflash \
          --analyze --tidb_build_stats_concurrency 8 --tidb_distsql_scan_concurrency 30
        ```

3. Execute the TPC-H query.

    1. Download the TPC-H SQL query file:

        {{< copyable "" >}}

        ```bash
        git clone https://github.com/pingcap/tidb-bench.git && cd tpch/queries
        ```

>     2. Execute the query and record the executing time of the query.

Reviewer: Should be "Execute those queries record the executing time of each query"?

Author: Adopted, thanks.

| 4       |    2.98s   |      2.56s  |      1.87s    |
| 5       |   20.35s   |      5.71s  |      8.53s    |
| 6       |    4.75s   |      2.44s  |      0.39s    |
| 7       |    7.97s   |      3.72s  |      3.59s    |
| 8       |    5.89s   |      3.22s  |      8.59s    |
| 9       |   34.08s   |     11.87s  |     15.41s    |
| 10      |    4.83s   |      2.75s  |      3.35s    |
| 11      |    3.98s   |      1.60s  |      1.59s    |
| 12      |    5.63s   |      3.40s  |      1.03s    |
| 13      |    5.41s   |      4.56s  |      4.02s    |
| 14      |    5.19s   |      3.10s  |      0.78s    |
| 15      |   10.25s   |      1.82s  |      1.26s    |
| 16      |    2.46s   |      1.51s  |      1.58s    |
| 17      |   23.76s   |     12.38s  |      8.52s    |
| 18      |   17.14s   |     16.38s  |     16.06s    |
| 19      |    5.70s   |      4.59s  |      3.20s    |
| 20      |    4.98s   |      1.89s  |      1.29s    |
| 21      |   11.12s   |      6.23s  |      6.26s    |
| 22      |    4.49s   |      3.05s  |      2.31s    |

![TPC-H](/media/tpch_v4vsv3.png)

In the performance diagram above:

+ Blue lines represent v3.0;
+ Red lines represent v4.0 (data read only from TiKV);

> + Yellow lines represent v4.0 (data read from TiKV and TiFlash automatically based on intelligent choice).

Reviewer: We use the term "smart selection" instead of "intelligent choice" in this doc:
https://pingcap.com/docs/stable/tiflash/use-tiflash/#smart-selection

Author: This  TiFlash overview document uses `Intelligent choice` https://pingcap.com/docs/stable/tiflash/tiflash-overview/#intelligent-choice

+ The ordinate represents the processing time of the query. The lower the ordinate, the better the performance.

Result description:

+ **v4.0 TiKV Only** means that TiDB reads data only from TiKV. Comparing this result with that of v3.0, you can learn the TPC-H performance increase after TiDB and TiKV are upgraded to v4.0.

> + **v4.0 TiKV/TiFlash Automatically** means that the TiDB optimizer automatically determines whether to use the TiFlash replica according to the cost estimation. Comparing this result with that of v3.0, you can learn the TPC-H performance increase in the full HTAP form of v4.0.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
+ **v4.0 TiKV/TiFlash Automatically** means that the TiDB optimizer automatically determines whether to read data from the TiFlash replica according to the cost estimation. The result shows that the TPC-H performance increased in the full HTAP form of v4.0.
```
